1. What is Python?
   Python is a high-level, interpreted, interactive, and object-oriented scripting language. Python is designed to be highly readable.

2.Differentiate between lists and tuples.
   The major difference is that a list is mutable, but a tuple is immutable.

3.How would you convert a string into lowercase?
   The lower() method is used to convert a sting into lowercase.

4.How are arguments passed by value or by reference?
   Everything in Python is an object and all variables hold references to the objects. 

5.How you can convert a number to a string?
   In order to convert a number into a string, use the inbuilt function str().

6. How to delete a file in Python?
    By using a command os.remove (filename) or os.unlink(filename)

7.How do you make use of Arrays in Python?
    Python does not support Arrays. List collection type which can store an unlimited number of element

8.Which data types are supported in Python?
   Python has five standard data types:
	Numbers
	Strings
	Lists
	Tuples
	Dictionaries

9.How will you reverse a list in Python?
   The function list.reverse() reverses the objects of a list.

10.What is __init__ in Python?
    The __init__ method is called automatically whenever a new object is initiated. This method allocates memory to the new object as soon as it is created. This method can also be used to initialize variables.

11.What type of language is Python? Programming or Scripting?
    Python is suitable for scripting, but in general it is considered as a general-purpose programming language.

12.What is PEP 8?
    PEP 8 is the Python latest coding convention and it is abbreviated as Python Enhancement Proposal. It is all about how to format your Python code for maximum readability.

13.Define modules in Python?
    Module is defined as a file that includes a set of various functions and Python statements that we want to add in our application. 

14.What are Python Decorators?
    Decorator is the most useful tool in Python as it allows programmers to alter the changes in the behavior of class or function. 

15.How do you create a Python function?
    Functions are defined using the def statement.
    example def foo(bar):

16.Define slicing in Python?
   Slicing is a procedure used to select a particular range of items from sequence types such as Strings, lists, and so on.

17.Define package in Python?
    In Python packages are defined as the collection of different modules.

18.How do you copy an object in Python?
    To copy objects in Python we can use methods called copy.copy() or copy.deepcopy().

19.How would you declare a comment in Python?
    Python does not have multiline comments. Anything following a hash is considered a comment, and the interpreter ignores it.

20.What is self in Python?
    Self is a keyword in Python used to define an instance or an object of a class. In Python, it is explicity used as the first paramter, unlike in Java where it is optional. It helps in disinguishing between the methods and attributes of a class from its local variables